Bring Welcome and Overview pages to the style guide. (#592)
iotaledger/iota.rs: docs/welcome.md

# Welcome

> This documentation site describes the IOTA client library, a library that handles communications between your application and the IOTA network. Start learning from the [Overview](./overview) page, join the community on [Discord](https://discord.iota.org), or maybe even [contribute](./contribute.md) to the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This documentation site describes the IOTA client library, a library that handles communications between your application and the IOTA network. You can start learning about it from the [Overview](./overview) page, join the community on [Discord](https://discord.iota.org), or even [contribute](./contribute.md) to the project.
```

Author: Rehauled the whole md.
